Enough senior brother
If you have any instructions in the future
I will pay you double
Oh, dear.
Junior Brother Ye
You are the only one
The apprentice who has learned all the skills of the master
Not really. No, actually.
I don't need a penny
If I need anything later
You can also come and help me track it down.
senior brother
As long as you say a word in the future
Junior brother, I will go through fire and water
Okay, okay.
Haha, do you remember what you said today?
Hahahaha
Hey
Junior Brother
This card contains 50 billion
What do you need in the future?
You can come to senior brother at any time.
Thank you brother
With this money
That He Xiaoze
Must know what despair is
Hmm, hahahaha.
Quiet, how are we doing now?
Hey, what about your money?
It was picked up and burned out by a confidant for identification.
new platform
But the popularity is too low
I see, many live streaming hosts below want to jump ship
Don't worry, our popularity will soon be
Please help me collect the hottest live streaming hosts now
Oh, it's all here, you see
That's so great!
Next, on various live broadcast platforms
With the name of our peak as the new brand Zhuoyao
Create some user numbers for the latter
Brush gifts for all these listed live streaming hosts
I want all their bosses
Give us Zhuo Yao's name
But
How can we have so much money to reward?
Not enough money